#### Questions 1–4

Reading Passage 1 has eight sections A–H.

Which section contains the following information?

Write the correct letter, A–H, in boxes 1–4 on your answer sheet.

- **Q1** an explanation of the industrial processes that create potential raw materials for concrete
- **Q2** a reference to the various locations where high-rise wooden buildings can be found
- **Q3** an indication of how widely available the raw materials of concrete are
- **Q4** the belief that more high-rise wooden buildings are needed before wood can be regarded as a viable construction material


#### Questions 5–8

Complete the summary below.

Choose **ONE WORD ONLY** from the passage for each answer.

Write your answers in boxes 5–8 on your answer sheet.

**Making buildings with wood**

Wood is a traditional building material, but current environmental concerns are encouraging **Q5** to use wood in modern construction projects.

Using wood, however, has its challenges. For example, as **Q6** in the atmosphere enters wood, it increases in size. In addition, wood is prone to pests and the risk of fire is greater.

However, wood can be turned into a better construction material if it is treated and combined with other materials. In one process, **Q7** of solid wood are glued together to create building blocks. These blocks are lighter than concrete and steel but equal them in strength.

Experts say that wooden buildings are an improvement on those made of concrete and steel in terms of the **Q8** with which they can be constructed and how much noise is generated by the process.


#### Questions 9–13

Look at the following statements (Questions 9–13) and the list of people below.

Match each statement with the correct person, A, B, C or D.

Write the correct letter, A, B, C or D, in boxes 9–13 on your answer sheet.

NB You may use any letter more than once.

**List of people**

- **A** Chris Cheeseman
- **B** Markus Mannström
- **C** Anna Surgenor
- **D** Felix Preston and Johanna Lehne

- **Q9** The environmental advantage of cement alternatives may not be as great as initially assumed.
- **Q10** It would be hard to create a construction alternative to concrete that offers so many comparable benefits.
- **Q11** Worries about the environment have led to increased interest in wood as a construction material.
- **Q12** Expense has been a factor in the negative response to the development of new cements.
- **Q13** The environmental damage caused by concrete is due to it being produced in large quantities.
